sdcv: add page (#6145)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/sdcv.md

# sdcv

> > StarDict command-line version, dictionary client.

Reviewer: How about
```suggestion
> StarDict, a command-line dictionary client.
```
?

> Dictionaries are provided separately from the client.
> More information: <https://manned.org/sdcv>.

- Start sdcv interactively:

`sdcv`

- List installed dictionaries:

`sdcv --list-dicts`

- Display a definition from a specific dictionary:

`sdcv --use-dict {{dictionary_name}} {{search_term}}`

> - Lookup a definition with a fuzzy search:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Look up a definition with a fuzzy search:
```

> - Lookup a definition with a fuzzy search:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Lookup a definition with fuzzy search:
```
Just apply if you want to

Reviewer 2: Without the `a` this doesn't make grammatical sense?

`sdcv {{search_term}}`

> - Lookup a definition with an exact search:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Look up a definition with an exact search:
```

> - Lookup a definition with an exact search:

Reviewer: `Lookup` is a valid noun, but the verb should be `look up`. It's just the same as with `login` vs `log in`.

`sdcv --exact-search {{search_term}}`

> - Lookup a definition and format the output as JSON:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Look up a definition and format the output as JSON:
```

> `sdcv -j {{search_term}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sdcv --json {{search_term}}`
```

> - Look in a specific directory for dictionaries:

Reviewer: How about
```suggestion
- Search for dictionaries in a specific directory:
```
or
```suggestion
- Look for dictionaries in a specific directory:
```
?

Reviewer 3: +1 for 1

Reviewer 4: The 1 sounds better.

Reviewer 2: The first one looks good.

# sdcv

> > StarDict consol version. Command line dictionary client. Dictionaries provided separately.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> StarDict consol version. Command line dictionary client. 
> Dictionaries provided separately.
```

> > More information: <http://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/bionic/man1/sdcv.1.html>.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://manned.org/sdcv>.
```

- List installed dictionaries:

`sdcv --list-dictist-dicts`

> - Get definition using only selected dictionary:

Reviewer 4: Is it one or several definitions?
```suggestion
- Display a definition from a specific dictionary:
```

`sdcv --use-dict {{dictionary_name}} {{search_term}}`

> - Show general help:

Reviewer 4: We usually put this example as the latest one.
```suggestion
- Display help:
```

# sdcv

> > StarDict console version. Command line dictionary client. 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
> StarDict console version. Command line dictionary client.
```

> > StarDict console version. Command line dictionary client.
> > Dictionaries are provided separately.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> StarDict command line dictionary client.
> Dictionaries are provided separately to the program itself.
```

Reviewer 3: Would you like to edit that to `command-line`

I didn't see it previously

And I don't like that `itself`, its unrequired

Author: I want to include"StarDict command-line version" somewhere, because that's what the acronym is.

Author: How about "StarDict command-line version, dictionary client. Dictionaries are provided separately from the client. "

Reviewer 5: ```
> StarDict command-line version (sdcv).
> Dictionaries are provided separately from the program itself.
```
(note: @sbrl's `separately to` is not grammatically correct — @258204's `separately from` is)

Reviewer 2: Hrm, `StarDict command-line version` doesn't really read very well or make grammatical sense. Despite this, I think @bl-ue's suggestion is the best one given the situation.

Reviewer 3: What about 

```
> StarDict command-line variant
```

Reviewer 2: Hrm. I think `StarDict command-line variant` is worse than @bl-ue's version.

> More information: <https://manned.org/sdcv>.

- Start sdcv interactively:

`sdcv`

- List installed dictionaries:

> `sdcv --list-dictist-dicts`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
`sdcv --list-dicts`
```

Author: Yes, thank you.

- Display a definition from a specific dictionary:

`sdcv --use-dict {{dictionary_name}} {{search_term}}`

> - Lookup definition with fuzzy search:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Lookup a definition with a fuzzy search:
```

`sdcv {{search_term}}`

> - Lookup definition with exact search:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Lookup a definition with an exact search:
```

`sdcv --exact-search {{search_term}}`

> - Lookup definition and get json output:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Lookup a definition and format the output as json:
```

Reviewer 3: Shouldn't this be JSON since it is an acronym

`sdcv -j {{search_term}}`

> - Look in specific directory for dictionaries:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Look in a specific directory for dictionaries:
```

> `sdvc --data-dir path/to/directory {{search_term}}`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
`sdvc --data-dir {{path/to/directory}} {{search_term}}`
```

- Display help:

> `sdcv --help`

Reviewer 2: I'm unsure of the usefulness of this example, since `--help` is pretty much a standard convention.

Reviewer 3: most commands have it, its fine by me

Reviewer 5: Agreed — if it's not good here it's probably not elsewhere and we should remove it across all the pages if we're going to here.

Reviewer 6: I think most of the command line utilities accept the switch `-h` or `--help`. In my opinion we should only keep those that have anything apart from this (I do not have an example handy)

Reviewer 5: Let's move this discussion to a new issue, how about.  It needs more attention than it will get in a random thread of a random PR, because it's quite common across the pages.

Reviewer 2: Good idea @bl-ue, though I suspect it's really going to be a case-by-case basis (e.g. for `nmcli` it does make sense even though the example description isn't helpful since it also displays a list of subcommands).
